Sweetie, you're serious.
No kidding.
No, no, I can't. I'm fine.
What if it's devastated?
Shouldn't you be acting for the first time?
Don't try how to know
Is it true that this time the heroine of the Great Sage Vo Emperor is Vinh Hoa?
I feel that you are the best choice in my mind.
Shut up and don't mess with this.
This idea is bold.
But I feel like I can try
I remember you were also born during the show.
Tran Nam, why are you so blind?
You're a beginner, teacher.
It's okay. It's okay to forget things according to the general version. It's okay to forget things.
The most important performance is feeling.
Somebody change clothes for the queen.
There should be no problem in this village, right?
You'll be out of there in a minute.
Until then, our seats will remain in this area.
The Queen will be out there.
There is a blood stain in it.
That's the Queen of Ha Giang.